Update serialization how-to (#21027)
dotnet/docs: docs/standard/serialization/system-text-json-how-to.md

### Serialization example

Here's an example class that contains collection-type properties and a user-defined type:

[!code-csharp[](snippets/system-text-json-how-to/csharp/WeatherForecast.cs?name=SnippetWFWithPOCOs)]

> [!TIP]

> > "POCO" stands for [plain old CLR object](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Plain_old_CLR_object). A POCO is a .NET type that isn't derived from a base class and has no attributes describing infrastructure concerns, for example, property visibility in a designer.

Author: ```suggestion
> "POCO" stands for [plain old CLR object](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Plain_old_CLR_object). A POCO is a .NET type that doesn't depend on any framework-specific types, for example, through inheritance or attributes.
```

> > "POCO" stands for [plain old CLR object](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Plain_old_CLR_object). A POCO is a .NET type that isn't derived from a special base class and has no attributes describing infrastructure concerns, for example, property visibility in a designer.

Author: @tdykstra Does this look okay to you?

Reviewer: Yes - I think the acronym is common enough that the first sentence with the link would be adequate, but an additional explanatory sentence is fine.  However, "special" base class seems vague. If you keep it, maybe rephrase something like "no base class or attributes describing..."

> > "POCO" stands for [plain old CLR object](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Plain_old_CLR_object). A POCO is a .NET type that isn't derived from a special base class and has no attributes describing infrastructure concerns, for example, property visibility in a designer.

Author: ```suggestion
> "POCO" stands for [plain old CLR object](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Plain_old_CLR_object). A POCO is a .NET type that isn't derived from a base class and has no attributes describing infrastructure concerns, for example, property visibility in a designer.
```

[!code-csharp[](snippets/system-text-json-how-to/csharp/WeatherForecast.cs?name=SnippetWFWithPOCOs)]

> [!TIP]

> > "POCO" stands for [plain old CLR object](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Plain_old_CLR_object). A POCO is a .NET type that isn't derived from a base class and has no attributes describing infrastructure concerns, for example, property visibility in a designer.

Reviewer: a POCO can be derived from a base class

The following example reads JSON from a string and creates an instance of the `WeatherForecast` class shown earlier for the [serialization example](#serialization-example):

```csharp
WeatherForecast weatherForecast = JsonSerializer.Deserialize<WeatherForecast>(jsonString);

> ```

Author: I updated this because the doc read like this, which was confusing to me:

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/24882762/95642054-ef1e3200-0a5a-11eb-9cba-179462affad4.png)

So there's a mismatch between the class name, WeatherForecast, and the type in the generic type parameter (WeatherForecastWithPOCOs).

Reviewer: The "class shown earlier for the serialization example" is WeatherForecastWithPOCOs, so it might be better here to change the intro sentence rather than the code -- "...creates an instance of the `WeatherForecastWithPOCOs` class shown earlier..."
